[Merged by Bors] - 0.10 Reflection (#566)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2023-03-04-bevy-0.10/index.md

These abstractions were introduced in [#6404](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/6404), [#7381](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/7381) and [#7568](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/7568).

## Reflection Paths: Enums and Tuples

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @MrGVSV</div>

Bevy's "reflection paths" enable navigating Rust values using a simple (and dynamic) string syntax. **Bevy 0.10** expands this system by adding support for tuples and enums in reflect paths:

```rust
#[derive(Reflect)]
struct MyStruct {
  data: Data,
  some_tuple: (u32, u32),
}

#[derive(Reflect)]
struct Data {
  Foo(u32, u32),
  Bar(bool)
}

let x = MyStruct {
  data: Data::Foo(123),
  some_tuple: (10, 20),
};

assert_eq!(*x.path::<u32>("data.1").unwrap(), 123);
assert_eq!(*x.path::<u32>("some_tuple.0").unwrap(), 10);
```

## Pre-Parsed Reflection Paths

> <div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @MrGVSV</div>

Reviewer: This PR was just a rebase of @james7132's PR, so they should probably be listed as an author as well :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @MrGVSV, @james7132 </div>
```

> Reflection paths enable a lot interesting and dynamic editor scenarios, but they do have a downside: calling `path()` requires parsing strings every time. To solve this problem we added [`ParsedPath`], which enables pre-parsing paths and then reusing those results on each access:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Reflection paths enable a lot of interesting and dynamic editor scenarios, but they do have a downside: calling `path()` requires parsing strings every time. To solve this problem we added [`ParsedPath`], which enables pre-parsing paths and then reusing those results on each access:
```

```rust
let parsed_path = ParsedPath::parse("foo.bar[0]").unwrap();
let element = parsed_path.element::<usize>(&some_value);
```

Much more suitable for repeated access, such as doing the same lookup every frame!

## `ReflectFromReflect`

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @MrGVSV</div>

> When using Bevy's Rust reflection system, we sometimes end up in a scenario where we have a "dynamic reflect value" representing a certain type `MyType` (but under the hood, it is not that type). Such scenarios happen when we call `Reflect::clone_value`, use the reflection deserializers, or create the dynamic value ourselves. Unfortunately, we can't just call `MyType::from_reflect` as we do not have knowledge of the concrete `MyType` at runtime.

Reviewer: Nit: I think this could be a little clearer. Maybe something like?
```suggestion
When using Bevy's Rust reflection system, we sometimes end up in a scenario where we have a "dynamic reflect value" representing a certain type `MyType` (even though under the hood, it isn't really that type). Such scenarios happen when we call `Reflect::clone_value`, use the reflection deserializers, or create the dynamic value ourselves. Unfortunately, we can't just call `MyType::from_reflect` as we do not have knowledge of the concrete `MyType` at runtime.
```
